---
layout: default
title: Kids' Programming Workshops
header_image: hd_classroom
---

h1. Kids' Programming Workshops



h3. Registration

"Click here to register for an upcoming workshop.":https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?hl=en_US&formkey=dHMzXzRYT0FyRWkxNFJ2UDBuZHRMRnc6MQ#gid=0

h3. Upcoming 2014 workshops


* Summer 2014: July 7 - July 11, 2014, 1:00-3:00 PM Introduction to Java Programming (Full)
* Summer 2014: July 21 - July 25, 2014, 10:00 AM-12:00 PM Introduction to Java Programming
* Summer 2014: July 21 - July 25, 2014, 1:00-3:00 PM Introduction to Java Programming (Full)
* Summer 2014: August 4 - August 8, 2014, 10:00 AM-12:00 PM Introduction to Java (GirlsRule Workshop)(Full)
* Summer 2014: August 4 - August 8, 2014, 1:00-3:00 PM Introduction to Java Programming (Full)

All workshops are held at "12625 High Bluff Drive #106, San Diego, CA 92130":http://g.co/maps/aaqgf.

h1. Workshop descriptions

Learn how easy and fun programming can be at one of our week-long workshops.

h3(#intro). Intro to Java

Dive right in to coding with Java, one of the world's most scalable and popular programming languages.  This is a practical and fun workshop with no lecture-style teaching. You will be coding progressively trickier problems for the entire duration of the class. You will learn by doing.

You'll practice the basics of programming - variables, control statements, loops and boolean logic - that will provide you with a solid foundation for tackling new technologies and programming languages. This knowledge will be absorbed by constructively coding for the entire duration of the class. We'll build 2-3 small applications each day that perform animation and user interaction tasks using Java.  You'll leave with the tools you need to build your own Java applications at home or with your classmates.

You don't need to be a techie to enjoy this workshop. Programming is easy and fun.

h3(#girls_intro). Girls Rule: Intro to Java

A special session of our Intro to Java workshop for girls only. This workshop is assisted by some of our current girl students.

h3(#adv). Advanced Game Programming

A continuation of the topics taught in Intro to Java.  In this workshop we will introduce more complex computer science concepts to show students how to overcome some of the limitations they faced in their Intro to Java game projects.

In Advanced Game Programming, students will learn:

* Arrays and lists
* Loop control structures (for loops)
* Further understanding of how logic, algebra and geometry apply to programming computer games
